your relationship with your reporting. Seniors needs to be professional,
but in the same time, somewhat personal. Uh, you need to be ready
to tell them that you disagree with them. That doesn't mean they're
gonna take your side or agree with you, but they need to know that
perspective. It's the same reason why you need to have an open relationship
with your subordinates. What? Now? You know, you might need
to respect the fact that your superior is not gonna listen to what you
had to say. But you need to be willing to do it. You need to be willing
to say that. You disagree, Even if you know that they aren't
gonna take it. That is easier, more easily said than done. Um, but that
is it is an important point. We need to as leaders, we should be
surrounding ourselves with people that offer us perspective that offer
us advice. And sometimes that advice is much different than what
we think should happen